# Version 1.2.0
This is the release notes for the The Unreal SDK version 1.2.0.

While it's considered a minor release in our release cycle, it brings a lot of new features and improvements to the Beamable Unreal SDK and user experience in general including many UI/UX improvements on the build-in editor window, reworked LiveOps demo, new Documentation website and many improvements on the codebase including new `OnlineSubsystemBeamable` features, and many bug fixes. You can see the full list of changes below.

## Highlights

### New Content Editor
The Content Editor received yet another rework based on feedback with additional filtering capabilities and a faster backend (with less blocking operations).

// TODO: Insert Image of new Content UI

### Added support for `IFederatedPlayerInit`
A common use-case for live-services game is to define a starting state for user accounts. The way to do that within Beamable is via the [Player Init Federation](../user-reference/federation/federated-player-init.md) interface in your microservice.

This federation is guaranteed to run only once per player, whenever the player is created in the realm.

At the Unreal SDK side, all SignUp functions expose the `InitProperties` parameter which is a map that will be passed along to the `IFederatedPlayerInit` in the microservice. This can be leveraged to implement custom sign-up flows and even special sign-up cases that provide players a better starting state should your game benefit from such a design.

## Other Changes
- `UBeamStatsSubsystem` had a reworked API to enable its full usage in all contexts.
    - You can now more easily use the subsystem to interact with non-`client.public` stats which extend its use cases by a lot.
    - It also makes it easier to leverage its APIs from inside a dedicated server.  
- All non-frictionless `SignUp` functions now have auto-login option; which will automatically try to login into the given account should the identity being signed up as be already in use.
- CLI is now optionally installed --- none of the beamable editor functionality will be available and the project will always set the TargetRealm to the branch-wise realm; not the local override.
    - Basically, if you want to have a subset of your team work without the ability to swap realms and/or interact with Beamable's editor workflows at all; you no longer need to install the CLI for that subset.
    - In most cases and for most teams, we recommend you **don't** do this and instead just have .NET and the CLI installed for everyone though. 
  

## Fixes
- `ENotificationMessageType` names are no prefixed by `BEAM_` to avoid enum name conflicts with user declared enums in Linux builds.
- `UBeamContentObject` serialization now correctly sorts the json's properties by name to ensure the generated JSON is deterministic and therefore the hash we use to decide whether its changed/unchanged is kept deterministic too.
- 


## Known Issues
- When creating a custom event by hand, adding a `FUserSlot` parameter pin to that event can sometimes crash the engine. This also seems to happen with _some_ Unreal types that have custom pins (the same crash happens with `bool` pins, though less frequently).
    - This does NOT happen if you create the event using the functionality in the `CreateEvent` node OR by any other means of creating a custom event with all the pins it knows it should have.
    - This crash also seems less likely to happen the longer the editor stays open. 
